[singing in Japanese]
[dramatic music playing]
I am ready. Begin.
[officer 1] Sir, I shall begin
with the economic
distribution report.
Due to the commercial
disruption operation,
we have gained control of 80%
of the world's trade in wool
and other key products.
Armament exports
are progressing smoothly.
[officer 2] Anticipated profits
will meet three percent
of our budget.
[officer 3] Our Neo Atlantis
operation
has strengthened its foothold
in the banking sector.
It now controls
one-and-a-half percent
of the world's currencies.
[officer 4] In the military
sector, the final rigging
on our second aerial battleship
is complete.
Ahead of schedule, I might add.
Lord Gargoyle, our
fleet will be expanded
by the addition of
seven new Garfish,
expansion to be complete
within the week.
[officer 6] Sir, construction
has begun
on the second burner
for the Tower of Babel.
And what of the Nautilus?
[officer 7] Lord Gargoyle, the
Nautilus is believed to be sunk.
Though we have
no physical evidence.
[Gargoyle]
We have no physical evidence?
Well, knowing
Nemo as well as I do,
I am sure he is
in hiding somewhere
trying to find out about us.
[phone ringing]
Yes, First Officer Electra here.
Good morning.
[sonar over phone] Sorry
to disturb you, First Officer.
I need you on the bridge.
We've sighted what may be
the Garfish
at a distance of
30,000 meters.
Oh, yes, I will
be there right away.
[groans] I have such a hard time
waking up in the morning.
I'm still so sleepy.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Yes, I hope so.
Good morning.
[radar beeping]
Do you think it's them?
I can't say.
It's gone.
That's not right.
-It probably was a whale.
-Ha.
Let's try and track it
with directional radio waves.
-Aye.
-Wow.
And now it's time for us to see
who laughs first.
[quirky music playing]
[laughing]
[Nadia] That Jean.
He's always reading books
in Electra's room
or working on some invention.
He never comes to play with us.
Huh?
Nadia, what's wrong?
Hey, Nadia.
Do you want to play
"Who Laughs First" with us?
Huh?
Oh, I got it!
You're feeling bad because Jean
doesn't come around
to see you very much.
No, that's not it at all!
Oh. [whimpering]
[cries loudly]
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I'm really so sorry.
Please don't cry.
Please, please.
Oh, um, I know.
Let's go see where Jean is
and ask him to play.
How does that sound, Marie?
Good.
I swear.
Who in the world taught you
to cry like that?
Sanson. He taught
me lots and lots of things.
Let's see. He said it was
always good to lie and cheat.
Oh, well, I think those people
have terrible ideas.
[sneezes]
I think I'm coming
down with something.
But at least, I have the joy
of washing my captain's clothes.
I must be the luckiest woman
in the whole world.
Bah! And I must be
the unluckiest man
in the whole world.
God blessed me
with the skills of a playboy
and just look at how
they go to waste.
[whimpers]
You never were
much of a playboy,
so just shut up
and scrub my dainties!
Just pray that you'll become
a man like my Captain Nemo.
How are you doing, Jean?
I am perfect.
This will be finished very soon.
And everything will be exactly
as I planned.
I see.
So, this, it's
something that flies, I guess?
That's right.
But how come I don't see
a propeller on it?
With this one, air and fuel
are burnt inside the craft,
which forces flame from the rear
that makes it fly.
The automatic valve is the key.
But the output is still much
too weak to carry a human being.
Hmm.
This isn't going to be
another failure, is it?
Not at all.
The theory
behind it is foolproof.
Just you wait, Nadia.
This invention will take us away
to Africa.
Hmm.
-[Jean] All done.
-Huh?
Ready for takeoff.
-It's ready?
Yes, we can
begin the trial flight.
[humming]
Go!
-It works!
-Wonderful!
Just look how fast it goes.
[Jean] I knew
that this would work!
My theory, it was right.
-Amazing!
Oh, no!
[explosion]
No!
I knew it.
[all] Look out!
[screaming]
[Grandis yawns]
Just look what you have done!
Huh?
[screams]
[explosion]
-What was that?
-It's an attack!
Huh?
Hmm.
[laughs awkwardly]
[sighs] Sorry.
Do you know
what caused that noise?
[laughs] It seems that
one of Jean's inventions
had an accident.
Boy, it scared us to death.
-[radar beeping]
-Huh?
I restored contact
with the mystery ship.
Good work.
Can you tell if
it's the Garfish?
They may have pinpointed us
through that explosion.
That's possible.
[grunts]
Well, don't take it so hard.
He's right
because everybody knows
you have to make mistakes
in order to make great
inventions, right?
Come now.
I'm not upset in the least.
I thought
that this might happen.
So, I secretly
built a spare engine.
-What?
Jean, don't you see?
The reason this one failed
was because you were relying
too heavily on using
your backup engine.
Oh, you think so?
-He's so deceitful.
-Sure is.
-[alarm blaring]
-Huh?
[helmsman over phone]
Emergency dive! Emergency dive!
All personnel on top deck,
take immediate cover!
-Oh, no!
-[Marie laughing]
-[Jean panting]
-Everyone, get inside now!
-Help!
Hurry up, Madame!
No way that this happened
just as I'm getting
the captain's shirt clean again!
Not now!
-[Grandis screaming]
-Do it later!
I can't abandon Captain Nemo's
precious uniform, Sanson!
-Let go!
-[door shuts]
[water splashes]
[dramatic music playing]
Depth is 50 meters
at one-third cruising speed.
Distance to the Garfish
is 12,000 meters.
They appear to be
on a collision course.
Do you think they found us?
I don't know.
-Any sonar response?
-None at all, sir.
Shall we shoot first?
They have no way of knowing
that we've returned
to full battle
condition, Captain.
Then we should capitalize
on their ignorance
and surprise them
with the full-scale attack, sir.
We don't know where Gargoyle is.
And we cannot go around
acting on our hopeful impulses.
Their attack force outnumbers us
more than 20 to one.
So, we don't have very
much choice in the matter.
There's no other way.
-[sonar beeps]
-[gasps]
That's directional sonar.
I have no doubt that
they've located us, Captain.
How could they?
We must act.
Man all battle stations.
What's that?
You've located the Nautilus?
[officer 1] We received this
transmission from Garfish 28.
"Have located Nautilus.
Will engage in battle."
So, Nemo still lives.
Continue your report.
Understood.
[explosions]
Findings from
the study conducted
on the destruction of
Tower of Babel 1.
Item, the committee
finds that...
[explosions]
[officer 4] Begging
your pardon, Lord Gargoyle,
communication with Garfish 28
has been terminated.
We fear it has been sunk.
Damn Nemo and his Nautilus.
Who will remove this thorn
from my side?
However, sir,
with the Nautilus still active,
it might serve as a
proper test subject
for this battleship's weaponry.
Perhaps you're right.
The hour has arrived to end
this foolish game.
We're not playing a
silly child's game.
-Do you understand that?
-Yes.
What was that?
Yes, sir.
Honestly.
-Enough.
-[gasps]
Yes, sir.
-Now, Jean.
-Yes.
You understand what
you have done? Is that correct?
Yes.
Even a small mistake
can create dire consequences
for other people.
Don't ever forget that.
Yes, sir.
Good. Dismissed.
Right.
Really?
What happened after Nemo
scolded him?
Well, he's
building a flying machine.
That kid.
He just jumps right
back into his work.
He has a lot of spunk,
I'll certainly give him that.
-Be quiet, baby.
-Huh?
-Right, papa?
-Uh-hmm.
Now, it's time
to have our dinner.
[sighs]
You know,
this is certainly no way
for an international playboy
to be treated.
My reputation will be
reduced to ashes,
-right?
-Huh?
No, hey, Hanson!
-Take my place for a while!
-Sure.
As soon as I succeed
in making liquid tectite.
Please! You're just
trying to out invent
Jean with your inventions.
-Hey.
-Huh?
I wonder if Electra
can take my place?
No. I don't like that lady.
She's always telling
me to do homework.
[laughs] You hear that?
Ms. Electra is
the finest of women.
Hmm.
So where's Nadia?
She's spending
some time with Jean.
Christ! So many young
couples in love.
Aren't they lucky?
[Nadia] Be more aggressive?
You've just stood
there and said yes.
Yes to everything he said.
You didn't do it on purpose.
So why didn't you at least
stand up to him?
Why are you so afraid of him?
[Jean] What was my defense?
It was my fault after all.
Please, you give up too easily.
No, it's just that I really am
still a child.
My hair's really bothering me.
That's it.
If you're not going to stand up
to that man, I will.
Uh, Nadia.
Good day, Nadia.
What's wrong?
Where is Captain Nemo?
The captain? He's in his cabin.
His cabin?
Captain Nemo,
Nadia is on the bridge
and she would
like to speak to you.
Yes, I'm coming.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
Why do you say Jean's wrong?
Explain that.
Can't you see why?
I cannot see why
and I don't believe he deserved
to be treated so harshly.
If you can't see,
there's no use explaining it.
Stop that! Don't evade me!
You're wrong, Nadia.
Why don't you calm down?
And you?
You should be glad that he gave
your position away
because it allowed you
to kill more people.
Nadia, I find your behavior
at this moment quite offensive.
All of you grown-ups
are the same.
Whenever children say
something inconvenient,
you say that our behavior
is unacceptable.
That's not fair!
Well, I hate
the whole lot of you!
Hmm.
Nadia, you have
made me very sad.
[Grandis] Really?
And then you ran all
the way down here?
Uh-hmm.
Ah. I went through a time
in my life like that.
Everything the grown-ups did
seem so unfair and underhanded.
Can you really remember
when you were my age?
Yes. I happen to still be in
my 20s for your information.
Sorry, Ms. Grandis.
It's all right.
I found it difficult
to forgive my elders too
until I realized that
they had reasons
for acting the way they did.
And you must always understand
that they do have their reasons.
Yes, you too will reach a point
when you'll look back
and say I was so young.
By the way,
where's your boyfriend, Jean,
during this
time of crisis, Nadia?
Hmm. Oh, you can be quite sure
he's somewhere
with Ms. Electra right now.
I see.
Be careful that she doesn't
steal him away from you.
-What?
-You must remember that Jean
lost his mother
when he was small,
so he's sure to
have a mother complex.
Uh, a what?
Mother complex.
It's when a man longs
only for women older than he.
That little troublemaker.
She tries to steal Captain Nemo
and goes after young boys too.
[Electra sneezes]
Oh, pardon me.
What's wrong?
How odd.
I felt like someone
was talking about me.
They were most likely talking
about how beautiful you are.
Oh, that's sweet
but shouldn't you be saying that
to Nadia, Jean?
Uh, there is no point in saying
anything nice to Nadia
because she thinks
that everyone lies.
Jean, every girl in the world
likes to hear charming words.
Huh?
Just try it.
Go on.
-Hmm.
-Good.
[gasps]
Why were you in there?
Uh, I was asking her a question
about the chemical
composition of ether.
Liar. Just look at your hair.
She cut your hair.
You always find
some silly excuse
to visit that woman in her room,
don't you?
-You're a cretin.
-[King scoffs]
Hey, Nadia.
That's not true.
Oh, really?
What do you think, King?
-[purrs]
-[scoffs]
[coughs] Nadia, you
look lovely today.
Huh?
Yes, you look quite lovely.
What's the matter, Jean?
Do you have a fever?
No, it's just that I
was told that girls
like to hear nice things
said about them.
And who told you that?
Ms. Electra.
Jean Raltique. Jean Raltique.
Jean Raltique.
I hate you!
[wind whooshing]
I don't know why.
Well, Ms. Electra, you lied.
[wind whooshing]
[Nadia] Why? Why, Jean?
Why are you always
with Ms. Electra?
[knock on door]
Come in.
Oh, hello, Nadia.
What a surprise.
So has Jean spoken to you yet?
That's what I came here
to speak to you about.
I see. Well, I'm about
to take my bath.
-Huh?
-A bath?
What fun!
-[Marie giggling]
-[sighs]
Ms. Electra, how do you--
what are your feelings for Jean?
For Jean? He's
like a little brother.
A brother?
Well then, why do you put
such ridiculous ideas
about the world into his head?
And what are your feelings
for Jean, Nadia?
[gasps] He's a--I
think of him as a friend.
-Oh.
-Well,
why don't you tell me
what your feelings
for Captain Nemo are?
[gasps]
I like him.
-[gasps]
-Is that odd?
How can you like that man
when he's such a cold person?
A cold person?
I suppose, but you don't know
how much that man has suffered.
It is true.
He has caused the deaths
of many people
but he takes complete
responsibility for that.
If it weren't for him,
I would not have lived
to see this day.
I've known him for 13 years,
he saved me many times over.
[Nadia] After so much suffering,
why do you pursue Gargoyle
and his followers
with such vengeance?
[Electra] Someone has got to
stop him and his inhuman cause.
Captain Nemo and the Nautilus
crew are the only force
that can handle his science.
That's the banner of our cause.
The banner of your cause?
-Banner of your cause?
-Yes.
You must have a banner
to justify the cause of
your mission...
Hmm.
...but there is another reason,
it's vengeance.
Vengeance for what?
My brother.
I once had a younger brother.
Brother?
Where is he now?
Well, 13 years ago,
he went to the place
where my parents are.
Where?
The bottom of a lake.
[gasps]
[Electra] A man came to
my hometown 13 years ago.
He destroyed
it and killed them all.
[Nadia] And
that man was Gargoyle!
What a monster!
That's true.
He is a true monster.
And Captain Nemo
rescued you from him?
Yes, but I was
not the sole survivor.
All the survivors gathered
together and built the Nautilus,
a new weapon,
one that would exact revenge
upon Gargoyle and
his wicked followers.
[Marie] Let me wash your face.
Be still, won't you? [giggles]
[Electra] Captain Nemo.
How much longer do you intend
to keep those children aboard
the Nautilus?
I know that Gargoyle
is after Nadia
and it's safer for her onboard
but we don't know if this ship
will be sunk tomorrow.
Hmm.
[Electra] I am certain you
don't want her to die with you.
[alarm buzzes]
[man] Approaching ship
identified
as Garfish-class submarine.
Captain Nemo, please report
to the bridge immediately.
[Nemo] I'll be right there.
Answer me, Captain.
All hands to battle stations,
First Officer.
Aye.
[beeping]
Sir, I count 20 enemy vessels.
It looks like we're surrounded
on all sides, sir.
Sir, maximum depth here
is only 300 meters.
[navigator] Captain, we have the
Kermadec Trench at 10 o'clock.
All ahead full.
Head straight for
the Kermadec Trench.
[Electra] Aye-aye.
[follower] The Nautilus is
sailing into the Kermadec Trench
just as we planned.
The mouse is
racing into the trap.
Your final hour
has arrived, Nemo.
Order all hands
to battle stations.
Aye.
All hands,
report to battle stations.
All hands, prepare
for submarine warfare.
All non-combatants,
report to Pod 3 shelter.
This is bad.
We're in for trouble.
You know?
The tension in the air
feels stronger now.
Yes. Not only that.
We're being hit by
a greater number of sonar pings
than before.
Oh.
-[tense music playing]
-[beeping]
[Nemo] This is his end game.
He is attacking with
his full arsenal.
[tense music playing]
[singing in Japanese]